{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Session 3: February 21, 5:00-6:30 p.m. EST\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Zoom link in email to registered participants.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Preparing\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 In advance of our third session, please draft three short deprogramming prompts (you are welcome to draft more if inspiration strikes). Please send these by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:andykstuhl@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
email
}}}
 before noon on Monday, Feb.\u160?21 so that we can all view each other\u8217's work in the session.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Your prompts can address radio or any medium / combination of media you choose. Do not worry if you feel you don\u8217't \u8220"get\u8221" the format yet: now is the time to experiment and cast a wide net as to how we want to shape this project.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you are feeling confused, would like some help in drafting your prompts, or otherwise just want to chat, I\u8217've set up a Calendly page to shcedule one on one meetings. We\u8217'll use the same Zoom link for these as for the workshop sessions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Agenda\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sharing and workshopping everyone\u8217's deprogramming prompt drafts\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Brainstorming audio version ideas; identifying production skill needs and resources\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Reflecting and defining: what did we learn about \u8220"deprogramming\u8221" in the process of scripting it?\sa180\par}
}
